Hotfix/documentation-and-bugfix (#52)
iterorganization/SimDB: docs/user_guide.md

**Workflow**: Typically, you create and manage simulations locally, then push them to a remote SimDB server for sharing. The data referenced by your simulation can be either local (on your machine) or remote (on a data server).

**IMAS Access Layer compatibility**:

> SimDB uses imas-python to read IMAS data. [imas-python](https://pypi.org/project/imas-python/) requires Access Layer 5 (AL5) or later and does not support the older Access Layer 4 (AL4). If your IMAS data was written using AL4 (e.g., MDSplus-based AL4 databases), you must convert it to AL5 format before use. See [AL4 MDSplus data migration](user_guide.md#al4-mdsplus-data-migration) below.

Reviewer: I think this is only true for MDSplus files, so I would change to:
```suggestion
SimDB uses `imas-python` to read IMAS data. [imas-python](https://pypi.org/project/imas-python/) requires that MDSplus data files to be ingested were written with Access Layer 5 (AL5) or later, and does not support reading  MDSplus files written with Access Layer 4 (AL4). If your IMAS data was written in MDSplus using AL4 (e.g., MDSplus-based AL4 databases), you must first convert it to AL5 format before use. See [AL4 MDSplus data migration](user_guide.md#al4-mdsplus-data-migration) below.
```

**Note:** Ensure that the specified port is accessible through your network firewall. Contact your system administrator if you experience connectivity issues.

## AL4 MDSplus data migration

> SimDB uses [imas-python](https://pypi.org/project/imas-python/) to read IMAS data. `imas-python` requires Access Layer 5 (AL5) or later and **does not support the older Access Layer 4 (AL4).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SimDB uses [imas-python](https://pypi.org/project/imas-python/) to read IMAS data. `imas-python` requires that MDSplus data to be read was written with Access Layer 5 (AL5) or later and **does not support the older Access Layer 4 (AL4).**
```

| `--dry-run`                          | Print actions but do not perform them                      |
| `-p PATH`, `--path PATH`             | Specify path where imasdb to map (by default $HOME/public) |
| `-d DATABASE`, `--database DATABASE` | Specify a database to be map (by default all)              |
| `-f`, `--force`                      | Force the creation of symlink even if the file exists      |

Once the migration is complete, reference the new AL5 path in your manifest using the mdsplus backend:
```
outputs:
- uri: imas:mdsplus?path=<destination_path>
```
For further details on the `mdsplusIMASDB4to5` tool, refer to the IMAS-Core documentation.

## Remote SimDB servers

### Configuration file

SimDB stores remote server configuration in ~/.config/simdb/simdb.cfg. This file is automatically created on the first run of the SimDB CLI and is pre-populated with a connection entry for the default ITER SimDB server:
```
[remote "iter"]
url = https://simdb.iter.org/scenarios/api
default = True
username = $USER
firewall = F5
```

You can inspect the current remotes at any time with:

```bash
simdb remote config list
```

> You can also view or edit `simdb.cfg` directly, but it is recommended to use the `simdb remote config` CLI commands to manage remotes to ensure the file stays well-formed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also view or edit `simdb.cfg` directly, but it is recommended to use the `simdb remote config` CLI commands to manage remotes to ensure the file stays correctly formatted.
```

> **ITER users:** See [Connecting to the ITER remotes](https://simdb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/iter_remotes.html) for a step-by-step guide to setting up and testing the ITER remote connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ITER users:** See [Connecting to the ITER remotes](https://simdb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/iter_remotes.html) for a step-by-step guide to setting-up and testing the ITER remote connection.
```
